Update Research Data Management chapter [Ready for Review!] (#3214)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/rdm/rdm-data-curation.md

> Data curation also enables you to easily access data sets and information that you need in an organised format, you can easily extract data from whichever repository it is stored. 

Reviewer: Should the term 'data sets' or 'datasets' be used? I've seen both conventions - and while I don't have strong feelings about it, it it might be good to standardise. Also, maybe the phrase "where you can easily extra data [...]" could be used for clarity in the second half.

Author: Good point - I'll change that to datasets I think because it is easier to read/use it as one word

You can imagine that if you don't follow the data curation process, it becomes difficult to access that data.

```{figure} ../../figures/data-curation.*
---
name: data-curation

> alt: An illustration describing the seven steps outlined below of the Data Curation Pipeline. The first step is capture, where a person is trying to catch some bugs. The second one is appraisal, where there is a looking glass trying to review the data. The third one is disposal, where some trash is being tossed out of the pipeline. The fourth step is description, which is showing some data charts. The fifth step is preservation, where these charts are then stored in glass jars. The sixth step is access, where individuals would have access to these jars with data in them. The last step is transformation, where different datasets are being transformed into a new one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
alt: A cartoon illustration describing the seven steps outlined below of the Data Curation Pipeline. The first step is capture, where a person is trying to catch some bugs. The second one is appraisal, where there is a looking glass trying to review the data. The third one is disposal, where some trash is being tossed out of the pipeline. The fourth step is description, which is showing some data charts. The fifth step is preservation, where these charts are then stored in glass jars. The sixth step is access, where individuals would have access to these jars with data in them. The last step is transformation, where different datasets are being transformed into a new one.
```

---
The Data Curation pipeline. _The Turing Way_ project illustration by Scriberia. Zenodo. [http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807](http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3332807)
```

## Data Curation Pipeline

### 1. Data capture
Data capture is the process of gathering or collecting data from different sources, which will be processed and used for certain purposes. 
These sources may be research articles in electronic format or databases like electronic databases among others. 
This stage focuses on ensuring that the data captured is actually fit for purpose and ready for curation.

- See {ref}`Finding data<rr-rdm-find>` for more information

### 2. Data appraisal

> In data appraisal, you are required to select the appropriate data by entering, digitizing, transcribing, checking, validating and cleaning the data. 

Reviewer: For data appraisal? During the data appraisal process?

> You may also need to to anonymizing the data where necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may also need to anonymise or pseudoanonymise the data where necessary.
```
